that thing there picks up ghost voices
maybe we can help after all help alison
yeah
speaking to that microphone and we can
prove that this house is haunted
what would we say
hello and um welcome
to button welcome to
button fm i'm pat butcher
boo boo boo the greatest teacher ever
and joining me this week is renowned
poet thomas
thorne how are you thomas
thomas we're on the air
and we'll be right back with thomas
after this song
from local band chicken and chips it's
called where's the cream
and of course your poetry rhymes which
is a harder
and b shows you have a real passion for
the english language
is that fair to say
yes
and we'll be back with thomas after
these advertisements
bye cheese
please louise by louise's pleasing
cheese
made from only the freshest jersey milk
lovingly thumbed from our all friesian
herd
[Music]
you